You are a maid
Who gave you the guts to teach me a lesson?
Besides, if you weren't for his Highness
How could you not let me attend the party?
The servant knows the mistake, the empress calms down
It's just that the emperor has now appointed the crown princess
Empress, you must be careful
Xie Linglong carefully designed me
He must not be reconciled
Look and ask me to marry you
You go and call Jian Linglong over
Say I have a way to get what he wants
What do you mean?
I can let Miss Xie get the regent's beauty
You are Jiang Wanle's sister
Willing to help me
Only you can marry the regent
I can continue to be the mistress of the Eastern Palace
But I am already engaged to the prince
Did Jiang Wanyue ever have a marriage contract with the crown prince?
And now?
Jiang Wanyue can attract the regent to take the initiative
It depends on his good medical skills
Can be used by the regent
If you can prove that you are better than Jiang Wanyue
He Zengshi's palace chose you
But I never found anyone
You just need to find someone to play a role
Let Jiang Wanjun's reputation be discredited
Lure the regent to seek you instead
When you enter the palace
Can he still divorce you?
Okay, let's do it.
Miss is not good
Someone broke into the rivers and lakes and refused to leave
Then I just want to see you